# team25 phase1.txt

Dear Owen,


Your computer will need to have access to the internet. At the moment we rely on
a website to generate mock pictures as well as CDNs for JQuery and Bootstrap.

To explore the functionality of our web application, you can simply open
index.html found in the root of our repository bringing the user to
LandingPageView.html that allows the user to login, register, or browse the
community of all the pets. We've made mock admin and user credentials.

Entering insufficient or invalid credentials will bring up an alert that
automatically dissapears after 3 seconds. If registration is succesful you will
be brought into the main page.

Logging in as an admin will bring you to the admin dashboard that's
AdminView.html by using email 'admin@tinderforpets.com' and password 'admin'. In
the dashboard, every user and their pet's information can be modified using the
same functionality found during profile modification.

Logging in as a user will bring you to the home page that's HomeView.html by
using email 'cowhugger@gmail.com' and password 'trees123'. This is where the
user can like or dislike pets that are continously shown to them in a Tinder
swipe-left-swipe-right characteristic. You have 5 randomly generated pets in
your account that you can choose pets from the carousel that you believe your
selected pet will like.

You can select your pet that you want to choose pets at the bottom of the
carousel (blue buttons). You can apply a gender, species, and breed filter to
bring up pets that meet your specification. Pets that are liked/disliked by your
currently selected pet are not shown again. When there is a mutual match between
the carousel pet and your selected pet, a badge will appear next to your pet on
the right of the page next to their name. This indicates how many matches your
pet has.

Clicking on their circular picture brings up an overlay where you can manage
your matches and favourites. In the overlay you may choose to delete a matched
or favourite pet. The notification badge dissapears when the circular picture is
clicked to indicate the user is aware of their matches.

To test the core functionality of our web application, you can repeatedly click
Like/Dislike for a selected pet and see the badge notification increase in value
and end up with no more possible pets to decide on when the carousel is empty.

When a user's pet circular picture is clicked, the overlay that is brought up
functions with a drag-and-drop interface. Pets that have matched with the user's
pet can be dragged into the bin to remove the match or dragged into favourites
for later viewing.

As well in the home page, the profile button allows the user to manage their
personal information and pet information, or log out.

Choosing to manage personal and pet information brings up
ProfileCreationView.html where all the data about a user can be modified.
Clicking on "Add a new pet" will create a new tab for the user to enter
information about their pet. There are auto generated pets for the profile
already. Clicking "save" sends all the data back to the server.

Logging out brings the user back to the landing page.

In the navigation bar at the top, clicking on 'community' brings the user to the
community page. Clicking on a pet's profile brings up ProfileOverlayView.html
which has contains the pets information and a carousel gallery of the pet's
photos.

If you would like to see where server calls to obtain, send, or manipulate data
occurs, you can search for "// OBTAIN", "// SEND" text strings in our codebase.


Thanks for your time.


Sincerely,
Team 25